Backport 2.28: Typo in build script for IAR toolkit. (#7735)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/bugfix_iar_typo.txt

Bugfix

>    * Fixed an issue that cause compile error using CMake IAR toolchain.

Reviewer: While fixing the DCO, could you make this something like
```suggestion
   * Fixed an issue that caused compile errors when using CMake and the IAR
     toolchain.
```
